docs/README.md, before:

# Similar Products Variants

The Similar Products Variants app returns similar products related to an SKU so users can select other colors or types of the same product.


![similar-in-action](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67270558/147780521-db76029b-c1fa-4627-a8bb-fa7485355424.png)

## Before you start
1. Set up similar products in your store’s **Products and SKU.** Access your store’s Admin and go to **Products > Catalog > Products and SKU**.
2. In **Products and SKU**, in the column **SKU**, click on the desired SKU.
3. In the field **Similar (Alternative Products)**, type the product name you desire

![similar-field](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67270558/147780337-ccc0d622-535e-47ce-9ede-d86f1d571546.gif)

4. Then, In **Products and SKU**, in the column **SKU**, click on the one you have added in the last step.
5. Go to the `Images` tab, and on the field `Label`, type a name to identify the image displayed in the thumbnail through the `imageLabel` prop of the `Similar Products` Variants app.

Now, follow the [app’s configuration below](#configuration) to show the similar products you have set up.


## Configuration

1. Using [VTEX IO CLI](https://developers.vtex.com/vtex-developer-docs/docs/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-installation-and-command-reference), install the app by running the following:

```bash
vtex install vtex.similar-products-variants
```
2. Add the `vtex.similar-products-variants` app to your theme's dependencies in the `manifest.json`

```json
"dependencies": {
    "vtex.similar-products-variants": “0.x”
}
```

3. Add the `similar-products-variants` block to the product template you desire, such as `store.product`, to display a similar product list. 


```json
...
  "flex-layout.col#right-col": {
    "props": {
      "preventVerticalStretch": true,
      "rowGap": 0
    },
    "children": [
      "flex-layout.row#product-name",
      "product-rating-summary",
      "flex-layout.row#list-price-savings",
      "flex-layout.row#selling-price",
      "product-installments",
      "product-separator",
      "product-identifier.product",
      "sku-selector",
    + "similar-products-variants",
      "product-quantity",
      "link-seller",
      "product-availability",
      "product-assembly-options",
      "product-gifts",
      "flex-layout.row#buy-button",
      "availability-subscriber",
      "shipping-simulator",
      "share#default"
    ]
  },
  "similar-products-variants": {
      "props": {
          "imageLabel": "swatch"
      }
  },
...
```

| Prop name  | Type | Description                                                                                                 | Default value |
|--------------|--------|------------------------------------| ------------- |
| `imageLabel` | String | The identifier of the image thumbnail displayed for each variant.  The identifier is set in the Admin’s Catalog. If the label does not exist or is not defined, the first image is used. | `null`  |


## Customization

To apply CSS customizations in this and other blocks, follow the instructions given in the recipe on [Using CSS Handles for store customization](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/style/using-css-handles-for-store-customization).

| CSS Handles            |
| -----------            |
| `variants`             |
| `title`                |
| `var-wrap`             |
| `img_wrap`             |
| `img_wrap--is-active`  |
| `img`                  |

Commit message:

Feat: PROS-83 similar products variant custom

docs/README.md, after:

# Similar Products Variants

The Similar Products Variants app returns similar products related to an SKU so users can select other colors or types of the same product.


![similar-in-action](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67270558/147780521-db76029b-c1fa-4627-a8bb-fa7485355424.png)

## Before you start
1. Set up similar products in your store’s **Products and SKU.** Access your store’s Admin and go to **Products > Catalog > Products and SKU**.
2. In **Products and SKU**, in the column **SKU**, click on the desired SKU.
3. In the field **Similar (Alternative Products)**, type the product name you desire

![similar-field](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67270558/147780337-ccc0d622-535e-47ce-9ede-d86f1d571546.gif)

4. Then, In **Products and SKU**, in the column **SKU**, click on the one you have added in the last step.
5. Go to the `Images` tab, and on the field `Label`, type a name to identify the image displayed in the thumbnail through the `imageLabel` prop of the `Similar Products` Variants app.

Now, follow the [app’s configuration below](#configuration) to show the similar products you have set up.


## Configuration

1. Using [VTEX IO CLI](https://developers.vtex.com/vtex-developer-docs/docs/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-installation-and-command-reference), install the app by running the following:

```bash
vtex install vtex.similar-products-variants
```
2. Add the `vtex.similar-products-variants` app to your theme's dependencies in the `manifest.json`

```json
"dependencies": {
    "vtex.similar-products-variants": “0.x”
}
```

3. Add the `similar-products-variants` block to the product template you desire, such as `store.product`, to display a similar product list. 


```json
...
  "flex-layout.col#right-col": {
    "props": {
      "preventVerticalStretch": true,
      "rowGap": 0
    },
    "children": [
      "flex-layout.row#product-name",
      "product-rating-summary",
      "flex-layout.row#list-price-savings",
      "flex-layout.row#selling-price",
      "product-installments",
      "product-separator",
      "product-identifier.product",
      "sku-selector",
    + "similar-products-variants",
      "product-quantity",
      "link-seller",
      "product-availability",
      "product-assembly-options",
      "product-gifts",
      "flex-layout.row#buy-button",
      "availability-subscriber",
      "shipping-simulator",
      "share#default"
    ]
  },
  "similar-products-variants": {
      "props": {
          "imageLabel": "swatch"
      }
  },
...
```

| Prop name  | Type | Description                                                                                                 | Default value |
|--------------|--------|------------------------------------| ------------- |
| `imageLabel` | `string` | Define which image will be displayed. If the label does not exist or is not defined, the first image is used. | `null`        |
| `textLabel` | `object` | Define the text label that will be displayed for each similar product, this text is obtained from some product specification. | `null` |

- **`textLabel` object:**

| Prop name    | Type   | Description                                                                                                   | Default value |
|--------------|--------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| ------------- |
| `specificationGroupName` | `string` | Name of specification group where is the product specification that will be use as text label. | `null` |
| `specificationName` | `string` | Name of product specification from which the value to display will be taken. | `null` |


## Customization

To apply CSS customizations in this and other blocks, follow the instructions given in the recipe on [Using CSS Handles for store customization](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/style/using-css-handles-for-store-customization).

| CSS Handles | 
| ----------- |
| `variants`  |
| `title`     |
| `var-wrap`  |
| `img_wrap`  |
| `img`       |
